docs(blog): add august 2022 design update (#504)
pluralsight/tva: website/blog/2022-08-18-ui-kit-updates/index.mdx

---
slug: ui-kit-update-aug-2022
title: August 2022 Figma UI-kit updates
authors: [brad]

> tags: [pluralsight, design system, figma, ui-kit, components, styles]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: [design, figma, ui-kit, 2022 design update]
```

We are already on the Pluralisght blog so there's no need to add "pluralsight" to the tags. 😉  Likewise, I removed anything that might pull confusing results for tag searches (i.e. conflicts with development)

Author: You added the Pluralsight tag to your blog post.

hide_table_of_contents: false
---

<!-- [Docusaurus blogging features](https://docusaurus.io/docs/blog) are powered by the [blog plugin](https://docusaurus.io/docs/api/plugins/@docusaurus/plugin-content-blog). -->

> Introducing a number changes, updates, and upgrades made to the Figma UI-kit for the new ALPHA Design System!

Reviewer: We need to be careful on wording here since we are working in tandem. In order to prevent confusion we should make sure the design versions match the engineering, so I'm going to update it just slightly.
```suggestion
Introducing a number changes, updates, and upgrades made to the Figma UI-kit for the future alpha version of the Design System!
```

<!--truncate-->

> Hello, I'm Brad, Principal Product Designer, Design Systems on the Design Ops team. I'll be your host as we dive deep into our Pluralsight design system and set it up together to become the standard for creating experiences throughout all of our domains and products. We'll be focusing on documentation throughout the rest of August and through September, but in the meantime the [UI-Kit](https://www.figma.com/file/ZmH4XsZS5WnKeo28ylM5x1/PS-Design---Web-UI-Kit-%5BALPHA%5D?node-id=1214%3A50531) is starting to shape up to be ready for prime time!

Reviewer: So, I would like to reword this intro. It's written in a personal blog style to which the info you are describing is already mentioned in the author information.

Instead, we want to approach these blogs in a team mindset. So, let's kill the first 2 sentences and adjust the paragraph to have the same feeling, just not centered on "I'm going to be doing all of this" but rather, "We have a new thing for you that we are excited to show" type of thing.

> Most of the changes and updates we're implementing are formed through feedback from the Product Design community. Watch the [#product-design](https://pluralsight.slack.com/archives/C03UDEREZ) Slack channel for more topics and reach-out concerning the design system!

Reviewer: Let's kill the line about the Slack channel since it's private to the company. Since this is an OS project, we don't want to promote any material that everyone doesn't have access too. Next year we will have a discord server, so then would be a good time to promote a channel.

Here are a few areas of our UI-Kit that have changed and/or improved over the past few weeks (it's a bit lengthy, so utilize the table of contents to jump around as needed 👉):

## Added text lists

<figure style={{ textAlign: 'center' }}>
  <img
    src="/img/lists.png"
    width="738"
    height="304"
    alt="list-group examples"
  />
  <figcaption align="center">
    Examples of list-group in dark and light modes
  </figcaption>
</figure>

[Text lists](https://www.figma.com/file/ZmH4XsZS5WnKeo28ylM5x1/PS-Design---Web-UI-Kit-%5BALPHA%5D?node-id=3374%3A58548) are now added as components, most easily utilized as `list-group`: a group of 5 list items in three types:

- **unordered** (bulleted)
- **ordered** (numbered)
- **no style** (no list marker)

Here are some features of this component:

> - **Wrapping lines**: Each `.list` item supports wrapping lines, and either a visually centered bullet or the ability to reposition the bullet as needed if the text size changes.

Reviewer: Since this is a design blog we want to avoid using anything related to code. Here you are promoting the use of a `list` class which we will not be using in the code, so it will create confusing and incorrect resources that people will hold against us possibly.

Author: This is a reference to a Figma component name. The dot represents a local component.

<figure style={{ textAlign: 'center' }}>
  <img
    src="/img/list-options.png"
    width="631"
    height="72"
    alt=".list options"
  />
  <figcaption align="center">
    A view of the .list component options in Figma
  </figcaption>
</figure>

- **Icon bullets**: Unordered list types can change their list-style bullet to an icon via instance-swap.

<figure style={{ textAlign: 'center' }}>
  <img
    src="/img/icon-swap.png"
    width="646"
    height="151"
    alt="icon instance swap options"
  />
  <figcaption align="center">Swapping the icon instance in Figma</figcaption>
</figure>

Definition lists (lists of terms and descriptions) will be coming soon, once we collect all of the necessary requirements for that pattern.

:::tip

> To create lists longer than five items, stack multiple `list-group`s on top of each other.

Reviewer: Same here. Let's keep the design blog always resourcing Figma components and not use the inline code markup to avoid confusion that it's referring to an actual engineering resource.

Author: Again, reference to a Figma component name. I can think of a different style for referencing these, but I don't think it's a big deal since the audience is fairly focused on these posts.
